Update documentation for better getting started experience (#593)
ni/nidaqmx-python: README.rst

Reviewer: Is a tech writer going to review this?

Author: Yes, we will get tech writer to review for the grammar after the content review is complete.

  provides an abstraction of NI-DAQmx in the ``nidaqmx`` module, which collides
  with this package's module name.

Getting Started
===============

In order to use the **nidaqmx** package, you must have at least one DAQ device installed on your

> machine. X series DAQ device (eg: PCIe-6363 or USB-6351) is recommended, physical or

Reviewer: "X Series" is a proper noun.

"DAQ device" needs an article.

Use "e.g." not "eg:".

Don't use run-on sentences.

"Physical or simulated devices": it's more appropriate to use "and", because both classes of devices are supported. If you were describing a single device, like "A physical or simulated device is supported", then "or" would be more appropriate.

```suggestion
machine. An X Series DAQ device (e.g. PCIe-6363 or USB-6351) is recommended. Physical and
```

> simulated devices are supported. You can use the **NI MAX** or **NI Hardware Configuration Utility**

Reviewer: "NI MAX", not "the NI MAX"

Apparently "Hardware Configuration Utility" is the same way: https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/hardwareconfigurationutility/page/definition.html

```suggestion
simulated devices are supported. You can use **NI MAX** or **NI Hardware Configuration Utility**
```

> In order to use the **nidaqmx** package, you must have at least one DAQ device installed on your
> machine. X series DAQ device (eg: PCIe-6363 or USB-6351) is recommended, physical or
> simulated devices are supported. You can use the **NI MAX** or **NI Hardware Configuration Utility**
> to verify and configure your devices.

Reviewer 2: X Series isn't recommended - we support any DAQ device! Let's reword this a bit. (my formatting isn't good, sorry - not in an editor)

```suggestion
In order to use the **nidaqmx** package, you must have at least one DAQ device installed on your
system. Both physical and simulated devices are supported. The examples below use an X Series DAQ device (eg: PXIe-6363, PCIe-6363, or USB-6363). You can use the **NI MAX** or **NI Hardware Configuration Utility**
to verify and configure your devices.
```

> Verify and configure devices on **NI MAX**:

Reviewer: "Verify and configure devices" is very general, and I think this image is demonstrating something more specific.

> Verify and configure devices on **NI MAX**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finding and configuring devices in **NI MAX**:
```

> .. image:: max_device_name.png

Reviewer: The README.rst is included in the Python package itself and uploaded to PyPI and ReadTheDocs. As proposed in this PR, the images will be broken links everywhere but GitHub:

<img width="1096" alt="Screenshot 2024-06-10 at 9 33 18 PM" src="https://github.com/ni/nidaqmx-python/assets/17914399/b95c4c2d-1301-4236-9609-8fe8376df3b7">

Actually, they're broken on GitHub too, at least in this PR:

<img width="1434" alt="Screenshot 2024-06-10 at 9 34 28 PM" src="https://github.com/ni/nidaqmx-python/assets/17914399/27e59db1-d4f9-4bf8-b61b-94e7a21920a0">

The answers to this SO question may help: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41983209/how-do-i-add-images-to-a-pypi-readme-that-works-on-github

  :alt: NI MAX Device Name
  :align: center
  :width: 800px

> Verify and configure devices on **NI Hardware Configuration Utility**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finding and configuring devices in **NI Hardware Configuration Utility**:
```

.. image:: hwcu_device_name.png
  :alt: NI HWCU Device Name
  :align: center
  :width: 800px

> Virtual channels and tasks are fundamental components of NI-DAQmx.

Reviewer: This paragraph has nothing to do with the section it's in. Is it supposed to introduce the next two sections? If so, the document structure should reflect that, like have a section for virtual channels and tasks that introduces them, then sub-sections for each one. 

Also, this paragraph introduces virtual channels, then tasks, but the following sections are in the reverse order.

Author: It was an introduction to Tasks and Channels sections. I have removed this paragraph as I find it's not needed.

> Virtual channels and tasks are fundamental components of NI-DAQmx.
> 

Reviewer 2: I think this is in the wrong spot?

```suggestion
```

Author: Yup, this line is removed as per suggestion.

> Task in NI-DAQmx

Reviewer: The task section is singular and the virtual channel section is plural.
```suggestion
Tasks in NI-DAQmx
```

----------------
A task is a collection of one or more virtual channels with timing, triggering, and other properties.

> Refer to the `NI-DAQmx Task <https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/ni-daqmx/page/tasksnidaqmx.html>`_ for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Refer to `NI-DAQmx Task <https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/ni-daqmx/page/tasksnidaqmx.html>`_ for more information.
```
This applies to the other subsections too.

Example code to create a task:

.. code-block:: python

  >>> import nidaqmx
  >>> with nidaqmx.Task() as task:
  ...     pass

Virtual Channels in NI-DAQmx
----------------------------

> Virtual channels, or sometimes referred to generically as channels, are software entities that encapsulate the physical channel

Reviewer: Ok, what's a physical channel then? The content on the linked page introduces them, but you didn't copy that.

> along with other channel specific information—range, terminal configuration, and custom scaling—that formats the data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
along with other channel specific information (e.g., range, terminal configuration, and custom scaling) that formats the data.
```

> Refer to the `NI-DAQmx Channel <https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/ni-daqmx/page/chans.html>`_ for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to `NI-DAQmx Channel <https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/ni-daqmx/page/chans.html>`_ for more information.
```

> Example code to create a task to read data from an analog input channel:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example code that adds an analog input channel to a task, configures the range, and reads data.
```

.. code-block:: python

  >>> import nidaqmx
  >>> with nidaqmx.Task() as task:

>   ...     ai_channel = task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai0")
>   ...     ai_channel.ai_min = -10.0
>   ...     ai_channel.ai_max = 10.0

Reviewer: There are parameters for this.
```suggestion
  ...     task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai0", min_val=-10.0, max_val=10.0)
```

  ...     task.read()
  ...
  -0.14954069643238624

> Example code to create a task to read data from two analog input channels:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example code that adds multiple analog input channels to a task, configures their range, and reads data.
```

.. code-block:: python

  >>> import nidaqmx
  >>> with nidaqmx.Task() as task:

>   ...     ai_channel_1 = task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai0")
>   ...     ai_channel_2 = task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai1")
>   ...     ai_channel_1.ai_min = -5.0
>   ...     ai_channel_1.ai_max = 5.0
>   ...     ai_channel_2.ai_min = -10.0
>   ...     ai_channel_2.ai_max = 10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ...     task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai0", min_val=-5.0, max_val=5.0)
  ...     task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai1", min_val=-10.0, max_val=10.0)
```

  ...     task.read()
  ...
  [-0.07477034821619312, 0.8642841883602405]

Timing
------

> You can use software timing or hardware timing to control when a signal is generated. With hardware timing,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use software timing or hardware timing to control when a signal is acquired or generated. With hardware timing
```

> a digital signal, such as a clock on your device, controls the rate of generation. With software timing,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a digital signal, such as a clock on your device, controls the rate of acquisition or generation. With software timing,
```

> the rate at which the samples are generated is determined by the software and operating system instead of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the rate at which the samples are acquired or generated is determined by the software and operating system instead of
```

by the measurement device. A hardware clock can run much faster than a software loop. A hardware clock is
also more accurate than a software loop.
Refer to the `Timing, Hardware Versus Software <https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/ni-daqmx/page/hardwresoftwretiming.html>`_ for more information.

Example code to acquire finite amount of data using hardware timing:

.. code-block:: python

  >>> import nidaqmx
  >>> from nidaqmx.constants import AcquisitionType, READ_ALL_AVAILABLE
  >>> with nidaqmx.Task() as task:
  ...     task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai0")
  ...     task.timing.cfg_samp_clk_timing(1000.0, sample_mode=AcquisitionType.FINITE, samps_per_chan=10)
  ...     data = task.read(READ_ALL_AVAILABLE)
  ...     print("Acquired data: [" + ", ".join(f"{value:f}" for value in data) + "]")
  ...

>   AIChannel(name=Dev1/ai0)

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is printed...

```suggestion
```

Reviewer: The REPL prints return values.

Author: It's printed as Brad explained, I will keep it.

  Acquired data: [-0.149693, 2.869503, 4.520249, 4.704886, 2.875912, -0.006104, -2.895596, -4.493698, -4.515671, -2.776574]

TDMS Logging
------------
Technical Data Management Streaming (TDMS) is a binary file format that allows for high-speed data logging.
When you enable TDMS data logging, NI-DAQmx can stream data directly from the device buffer to the hard disk.
Refer to the `TDMS Logging <https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/ni-daqmx/page/datalogging.html>`_ for more information.

Example code to acquire finite amount of data and log it to a TDMS file:

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: How do you read a TDMS file in Python? Is there a Python TDMS library that works with DAQmx's raw TDMS format? It looks like npTDMS has some support but I have never used it.

Author: TDMS logging is part of the requirement under the documentation feature scope. I have created example to read the data from TDMS file with npTDMS in another PR - #594 .

  >>> import nidaqmx
  >>> from nidaqmx.constants import AcquisitionType, LoggingMode, LoggingOperation, READ_ALL_AVAILABLE
  >>> with nidaqmx.Task() as task:
  ...     task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai0")
  ...     task.timing.cfg_samp_clk_timing(1000.0, sample_mode=AcquisitionType.FINITE, samps_per_chan=10)
  ...     task._in_stream.configure_logging("TestData.tdms", LoggingMode.LOG_AND_READ, operation=LoggingOperation.CREATE_OR_REPLACE)
  ...     data = task.read(READ_ALL_AVAILABLE)
  ...     print("Acquired data: [" + ", ".join(f"{value:f}" for value in data) + "]")
  ...

>   AIChannel(name=Dev1/ai0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  Acquired data: [-0.149693, 2.869503, 4.520249, 4.704886, 2.875912, -0.006104, -2.895596, -4.493698, -4.515671, -2.776574]

Plot Data
---------

> You can use the 3rd-party module **matplotlib.pyplot** to plot a waveform for the acquired data.
> For more information on how to use **matplotlib.pyplot** module, refer to the
> `Pyplot tutorial <https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/pyplot.html#sphx-glr-tutorials-pyplot-py>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To visualize the acquired data as a waveform, you can use the **matplotlib.pyplot** third-party module.  
Refer to `Pyplot tutorial <https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/pyplot.html#sphx-glr-tutorials-pyplot-py>`_ for detailed usage.
```

> Example code to plot waveform for acquired data using **matplotlib.pyplot** module:

Reviewer: Are you adding any matplotlib example programs to the examples directory? It seems weird to demonstrate it in the readme but not in an example program.

Author: Sure, I have added the matplotlib example in another PR.

.. code-block:: python

  >>> import nidaqmx
  >>> from nidaqmx.constants import AcquisitionType, READ_ALL_AVAILABLE
  >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
  >>> with nidaqmx.Task() as task:
  ...   task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai0")
  ...   task.timing.cfg_samp_clk_timing(1000.0, sample_mode=AcquisitionType.FINITE, samps_per_chan=50)
  ...   data = task.read(READ_ALL_AVAILABLE)
  ...   plt.plot(data)
  ...   plt.ylabel('Amplitude')
  ...   plt.title('waveform')
  ...   plt.show()
  ...

>   AIChannel(name=Dev1/ai0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  provides an abstraction of NI-DAQmx in the ``nidaqmx`` module, which collides
  with this package's module name.

Getting Started
===============
In order to use the **nidaqmx** package, you must have at least one DAQ (`Data Acquisition <https://www.ni.com/en/shop/data-acquisition.html>`_)
device installed on your system. Both physical and simulated devices are supported. The examples below use an X Series DAQ device
(e.g.: PXIe-6363, PCIe-6363, or USB-6363).
You can use **NI MAX** or **NI Hardware Configuration Utility** to verify and configure your devices.

Finding and configuring device name in **NI MAX**:

> .. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ni/nidaqmx-python/ca9b8554e351a45172a3490a4716a52d8af6e95e/max_device_name.png

Reviewer: FYI, this is using a commit hash to refer to the file version. If we update the images later, we must make sure to update the link to use the new commit hash.

The alternative is to use a branch name or tag, but this has different problems. Using "master" would always link to the newest version of the file, even if you're looking at an old version of the README. Also, moving or renaming the file would break the link. Using a tag introduces a chicken-and-egg problem, where the link is broken until we create a release with that tag.

Given these tradeoffs, I guess the commit hash is the easiest solution to manage.

Cc: @zhindes

  :alt: NI MAX Device Name
  :align: center
  :width: 800px

Finding and configuring device name in **NI Hardware Configuration Utility**:

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ni/nidaqmx-python/ca9b8554e351a45172a3490a4716a52d8af6e95e/hwcu_device_name.png
  :alt: NI HWCU Device Name
  :align: center
  :width: 800px

Tasks in NI-DAQmx
-----------------
A task is a collection of one or more virtual channels with timing, triggering, and other properties.
Refer to `NI-DAQmx Task <https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/ni-daqmx/page/tasksnidaqmx.html>`_ for more information.

Example code to create a task:

.. code-block:: python

  >>> import nidaqmx
  >>> with nidaqmx.Task() as task:
  ...     pass

Virtual Channels in NI-DAQmx
----------------------------
Virtual channels, or sometimes referred to generically as channels, are software entities that encapsulate the physical channel
along with other channel specific information (e.g.: range, terminal configuration, and custom scaling) that formats the data.

> A physical channel is a terminal or pin at which you can measure or generate an analog or digital signal.A single physical channel

Author: Good catch, it's updated.

can include more than one terminal, as in the case of a differential analog input channel or a digital port of eight lines.

> Every physical channel on a device has a unique name (for instance, SC1Mod4/ai0, Dev2/ao5, and Dev6/ctr3) that follows the

Author: it's updated.

NI-DAQmx physical channel naming convention.
Refer to `NI-DAQmx Channel <https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/ni-daqmx/page/chans.html>`_ for more information.

> Example code that adds an analog input channel to a task, configures the range, and reads data.

Reviewer 3: Looking at other subsections, I think this should be a colon instead of full stop?
```suggestion
Example code that adds an analog input channel to a task, configures the range, and reads data:
```

Author: good catch.

.. code-block:: python

  >>> import nidaqmx
  >>> with nidaqmx.Task() as task:
  ...     task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai0", min_val=-10.0, max_val=10.0)
  ...     task.read()
  ...
  AIChannel(name=Dev1/ai0)
  -0.14954069643238624

> Example code that adds multiple analog input channels to a task, configures their range, and reads data.

Reviewer 3: ditto
```suggestion
Example code that adds multiple analog input channels to a task, configures their range, and reads data:
```

Author: it's updated.

  ...     task.timing.cfg_samp_clk_timing(1000.0, sample_mode=AcquisitionType.FINITE, samps_per_chan=10)
  ...     data = task.read(READ_ALL_AVAILABLE)
  ...     print("Acquired data: [" + ", ".join(f"{value:f}" for value in data) + "]")
  ...
  AIChannel(name=Dev1/ai0)
  Acquired data: [-0.149693, 2.869503, 4.520249, 4.704886, 2.875912, -0.006104, -2.895596, -4.493698, -4.515671, -2.776574]

TDMS Logging
------------
Technical Data Management Streaming (TDMS) is a binary file format that allows for high-speed data logging.
When you enable TDMS data logging, NI-DAQmx can stream data directly from the device buffer to the hard disk.
Refer to `TDMS Logging <https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/ni-daqmx/page/datalogging.html>`_ for more information.

Example code to acquire finite amount of data and log it to a TDMS file:

.. code-block:: python

  >>> import nidaqmx
  >>> from nidaqmx.constants import AcquisitionType, LoggingMode, LoggingOperation, READ_ALL_AVAILABLE
  >>> with nidaqmx.Task() as task:
  ...     task.ai_channels.add_ai_voltage_chan("Dev1/ai0")
  ...     task.timing.cfg_samp_clk_timing(1000.0, sample_mode=AcquisitionType.FINITE, samps_per_chan=10)

>   ...     task._in_stream.configure_logging("TestData.tdms", LoggingMode.LOG_AND_READ, operation=LoggingOperation.CREATE_OR_REPLACE)

Author: It's updated.
